hey Tom oh wow you totally ruined that
entrance I do man I am doing well how
are you my good sir
I'm doing great as I informed you I am
I'm still kind of coming off the high of
having a blu-ray and HD television in my
room and I'm just freaking out about it
oh yes we were talking about that before
apparently he got a great deal on it and
he has gotten some great purchases to
view in the blu-ray format and I
couldn't be more proud of it yes sir the
the TV is amazing it was a floor model
so I got a great deal as I told you but
um but yeah I'm just I'm really pumped
about blu-ray because I watch people's
videos like I like the flick pic you
know John videos and a lot of these
people are always talking about you know
blu-ray and like blu-ray this blu-ray
that I'm like and I'm like sorry that
special and so yeah when I got blu-ray
and when I put it in my room the first
thing I watched was the Dark Knight and
the really cool thing about the Dark
Knight blu-ray is that the IMAX seems
yeah it goes to full screen when asked
the IMAX scenes were preserved in the
original aspect ratio so which i think
is good yeah and so when the first the
first shot popped on screen of it
zooming in towards the the building
window and I was just like in it drops
an instance I just realized how how much
I've been missing so yes welcome to the
blu-ray family we are happy to have you
well thank you sir all right so what
we're gonna do here today since it is
New Year's Eve is that we're basically
just gonna give our Year in Review we're
having to do with movies and you know
what we Eichengreen although we did
agree on some of our favorites
disappointments whatnot
and I think a lot of you out there have
noticed that Chris and I we don't we're
not very big fans of making lists we
kinda just make montages of our favorite
movies because we don't like making
lists we don't like it at all so yeah
it's very very true so I guess we'll
just start off with alright what was
your favorite movie of the year let's
get that out of the way well my favorite
movie of the year as most people
probably know is Drive basically the
only lists that I that I think about
making is the yearly ones and
people always ask me what's your old
time fare but I just I can't do it I
know I can't do it man
I I don't see the problem with with the
whole all-time favorites list for me is
that like one of my friends has one and
and he will tell me constantly that his
list has changed and because he's liked
this movie less all of a sudden or this
movie more and I found that in up in the
future I mean in the past when I when I
would have lists I would I would be
thinking less about how much I enjoyed
the film and more about where it fits on
my list and so it just kind of got
annoying you know but um as for Drive I
the first time I saw Drive I saw it at a
screening and it was in a crowded
theater filled with people and it's one
of the only real experiences I've had
where a movie that is admittedly slow
paced captain audiences attention you
know almost completely I rarely heard
any noises or talking
I rarely heard anyone get up it was just
one of those movies that really kind of
just it just kind of set the viewer in
this state where it was very difficult
to not want to watch the rest of the
movie and there are some people I know
who aren't huge fans in the movie and
feelings slow and a little bit too artsy
which I honestly I completely understand
the drivers that way not for everybody I
can say that drive is one of those
movies for me where if it's just it's
not gonna be one of those movies where I
like if someone said to me
I hate drive I'd be like really that's
interesting but I wouldn't like I
wouldn't be that surprised
yeah right cuz I know a few people who
also drive and they're like yeah I hated
that I'm like eh I guess I could see why
it's not right so that's that's really
my favorite movie of the year it just
it's looking back on the year there are
films that technically entertained me
more than that film but there there is
no film that I saw that that had such an
effect on me while I was watching it and
afterwards
it's one of the very few movies that I
actually ever that I actually liked more
as I thought about it usually when I see
a movie
I automatically know exactly how I feel
okay I like this movie I know exactly
how I feel but drive is one of those
weird movies for me that that I started
to like it more as I thought about it
I'm not usually one of those guys who
likes to analyze movies that much mm-hmm
but drive just really stuck with me
really I can't wait to get it on blu-ray
hey yeah I already looked it up at the
end of January it comes that I'm so good
yeah I love drive - that was like that
was actually my favorite movie the year
for a while and then this movie that is
my favorite it was one I think the first
time this has ever happened where I saw
a movie I really liked it but then when
I watched it again I just liked it more
and more and more until the got to the
point where I just I knew it was my
favorite movie of the year so I just
kept watching I kept enjoying it so much
that's Midnight in Paris it's just it's
such an effortlessly charming movie and
I'm using out a huge fan of Woody Allen
because it's he's kind of hit or miss
for me but it was such a great movie
it's such a well-written movie it just
it's one of those movies that is like
the perfect example of like a great
escape from like the real world where
you can kind of just sit back relax and
you just have a smile on your face the
entire time and I've never felt so happy
coming out of the movie this year like I
just got out of that movie I just wanted
to go for a walk kind of enjoy the
outdoors kind of like you know the main
character the movie did and just is
really stuck with me and it just beat
out drive by like inches this year but
yeah step and it's it's funny with
Midnight in Paris I'm I'm the same way
with Woody Allen uh
and I've liked some of his films and
then some of them I just I don't even
really feel like watching for summary on
that movie was it was really good it's
not on my favorites list but I think if
I would have extended my list to like
top 20 that it would probably be in
there mmm I my favorite thing about that
movie I really like the way it the film
looked I really like the style direction
I really thought the script was witty
but I was just really happy to see Owen
Wilson in a good movie right like I felt
like he was the perfect person for that
movie like it was like the role he was
born and for yeah because I really
he's been in some films and some of them
been okay
like I thought Marlene me was alright
but I'm confused to see that movie I
thought it was okay and now and a lot of
people love that movie but I just
thought it was okay i-i've never I
haven't seen a movie where I thought he
in particular was terrible in it I just
I was so happy to see him in a really
good movie yeah and I loved I loved the
whole the look of that movie yeah I
think I you understand how I liked I
love the way a city looks at night
yeah becomes like its own character yeah
and with Paris in that movie that is the
best example of a movie I've ever seen
that actually makes me want to go to
where it was filmed right like that I
think the whole first five minutes is
just basically shots of Paris and yeah
it is it is I remember that um I loved
that movie it was great I I thought
that's just a perfect example of how
good this movie of this year has been
for movies because it's not it's not on
my list because I really liked that
movie and it would easily like any other
year to be on my list but I've seen so
many movies this year I liked ah I have
to say this year was definitely better
than 2010 because doesn't didn't get
good until like maybe September or
October but they sure we even got some
movies in the beginning of the year that
were actually very good like source code
even though I know you're not like the
biggest fan I movie that's like source
code oh you did oh I just thought like
you were kind of those people kind of
felt like let down by it or something no
I liked it I just didn't love it ah well
like I just it was nice to get those
kind of movies early on here rather than
later in New York
cuz 2010 I was really worried for like a
good majority of the year if we were
actually to get any good movies but then
finally and it 2010 and we got all these
great Oscar movies that was fantastic
yeah it's funny in 2010 really the only
movies that stuck with me were until the
end of the year were shutter island' an
inception right yeah and then like all
of a sudden in November in December we
got social network in Black Swan and
it's got pilgrim man yeah Scott Pilgrim
that's true that's true
um but yeah but this year I kept like in
my top list already
I had win win I thought was great I
don't know if you saw that no I did see
it I just I didn't fall in love with
that movie I liked it but I don't know
just didn't win me over
but yeah there were a lot of movies that
came out this year that I really dug and
and a lot the thing that I'm really
proud about my list is ten it's it's
it's a little diversified a lot of
people were like dude why do you have we
bought a zoo in your list I was like
dude people like that with me to like
see the damn movie people are just
afraid to be happy
I don't know We Bought a Zoo made me so
happy that that's the movie that has
such a Midnighters effect on me that you
described her afterwards you wanted to
take a walk I literally took a walk
after we bought a zoo
yeah same I actually did the same exact
thing I got home I it was like I don't
know like 9 10 at night I said I just
went around my neighborhood just walked
around it was so nice it was it was so
great but yeah there's there was a lot
of good movies this year um and it's
funny because I look in my top 10 and
the majority of them are in the latter
half of the year but a lot of the ones
that I really enjoyed came before that
like I really like Crazy Stupid Love um
I really liked believe it or not I
actually love love this is early but I
liked a lot no strings attached did you
see that yeah I liked that movie but
definitely wasn't as bad as I thought it
was gonna be no and and we're really
surprising that that movie was it at
Ashton Kutcher was actually pretty good
in it right
I watched it cuz Catherine Catherine
Ryman was talking about it because you
know her dad directed it and I was I was
like I should probably watch the movie
and then and then my buddy Kristian
Schmoe know said that he thought it was
actually good too and he hates or really
dislikes Ashton Kutcher so it's like I
better check it out because I don't mind
culture and yeah that movie really
surprised me so I mean and that that
movie right there normally I would
probably kind of bring it out as one of
my more favorite comedies but there's
just been so many movies this year I
like the fact that Tintin isn't even on
my list and that War Horse I really
enjoyed Tintin yeah and for me War Horse
is like number number 13 or 14 or
something
so I mean I've just seen so many great
movies this year I know it's it's very
nice to be at the end of the year and
think oh wow you know there's so many
great movies that I can't even put them
all in like a top 10 like that's I love
that now
I have a question for you mm-hmm what
movie this year if you can think of one
okay do you expect to really love but
ended up feeling disappointed by ooh oh
that's a tough question there's probably
a few I'm trying to think I know one of
them was in time I wanted to love that
movie yeah I enjoyed it I mean I
honestly forgot about it like someone
said you know always the last movie
Justin Timberlake was and I was like
friends with benefits he's like don't
you remember in time I'm like oh right
that one yeah it's true I probably I
think I was a little too fair with it
when I gave it a B I think I was I think
maybe a C+ or B - would look it had so
much potential and had a cool concept
and you know Timberlake in C free they
were good in it it just it just felt
kind of black like it was missing
something for me when the movie started
actually my first problem with that
movie is actually the first sentence in
the movie he says like I remember
because it annoyed me he says um he says
something like I don't remember how we
got this way it's just always been this
way and I was like okay thanks thanks
for not having to explain the plot at
all and that was kind of like a cop-out
like you can't show us how we got to
this point - sod which would have been
kind of cool and realize you're not
gonna show is it all right I mean I love
Killian Murphy or whatever just greater
than what it's nice to see him pop up
again I like the way the movie looks
Roger Deakins is the summer attire for
Annie's my favorite cinematographer so I
really like the way the movie looks but
for the most part I was I was just like
I left the theater being like huh
there's a good time waster but and then
and then when I reviewed it I was I was
bringing out good things about it but in
retrospect it definitely disappointed me
I'll tell you I'll tell you what the
biggest disappointment for me is and I
can't remember if you enjoyed this movie
or not okay Shh put it out there biggest
disappointment this year for me is
battlements Angeles
let's see panelist am I looking bad like
honest okay this is what this is Mike my
thoughts of battle Los Angeles when I
first saw it I liked it okay and then
when it came to TV I watched it again
just to make sure and then I didn't like
it when I watched it on TV and I
I probably I need to watch it one more
time and watch it one more time I don't
like it
hi three times yeah I just I was so
conflicted over this movie like I just I
remember the trailer coming out and
thinking oh my god is gonna be one of
those great Alien movies finally then we
watched it I was so hard to follow like
the camera was driving me nuts and I
don't know I just yeah I can understand
why were disappointed by that yeah see
that that trailer was just it was a
great trailer the marketing of that
movie eight-plus good mark got my butt
in the seat but man was that movie
annoyingly filmed I just I was watching
it and I was thinking this director has
literally no style
there's not one aspect of this movie
that is its own movie it's just a big
giant video game and I got a lot of calm
I got some hey believe it or not on
there know a lot of people like I know I
got even if I like like two people are
giving me hate about it like it was one
of those movies where a lot of people
were just torn on it that was a very
divisive movie and a lot of people
commented dude it's war it's supposed to
be hard to understand yeah look this is
an alien invasion movie it's when you
when you use special effects and you do
extreme shaky-cam to the point of
absolute and comprehension that's called
being cheap because it's you it you
can't if that's why I like all the great
stunts in movies the shaky cam is a way
to make something look more dangerous
than it actually is without actually
setting up a good stunt at and or
there's only a few directors who can do
that well like Paul Greengrass can do
that well yet he is literally I mean I
completely agree with you he's the one
director who who uses knees yeah and the
way I like it I liked it in green zone I
liked it in the Bourne films I liked his
his way of using shaky cam and that's it
some reason his doesn't bother me don't
know why but um for the most part I owe
and taken was alright and that had some
shaky cam in and not too much yeah for
the middle of I for the most part battle
la is was a big disappointment for me
another one was a independent film
okay I don't think you saw and a lot I
know I'll I've got I got hate on my
review I wasn't Marcy things yes I
really really did not like Martha Marcy
May Merlion yeah I saw that in a lot of
like top-10 lists yeah a lot of people
liked it um a lot of people thought it
was really good but without spoiling
anything I'll just say that basically
the movie left me so angry and cold and
and just completely I just I couldn't
get that movie I just didn't connect
with me I I respected Elizabeth Olsen
for her performance mm-hmm and I even
understood the things the film was
saying it's just you just said really
bugged me you know that I I love Steve
Mac independent movies because a lot of
the time they can be a lot better than
mainstream movies but there was one that
really disappointed me this year and it
was on the Will Ferrell movie everything
must go and I love when will far like
gets out of these you know mainstream
comedies that usually and some of them
are good I'll admit buts most the time
he kind of gets in your face and he's a
little milk playing so when he goes out
of that I can I didn't stranger than
fiction which is one of my favorite
movies I love that movie to death so I
was really looking forward to seeing
this one because it looked like the
perfect blend of kind of like drama and
comedy and then I was really like dad
why it kind of bored me I don't know I
think it was anything special and it
left me wanting a lot more that's
interesting I like that movie I didn't
hate it I mean I didn't love it or
anything I just I was I was a little
disappointed that I didn't love it
because I tried afar to see it so yeah
that's excellent and I was like dang it
but I feel like if I if I I feel like if
I was a normal person that sounds very
pretentious that I just said I feel like
if I was one of those normal peasants
pedestrians Mpho if I was the an average
moviegoer who didn't look at film the
way I did and just went up to you know
blockbuster Redbox or whatever and was
like oh I'll take everything Moscow and
brought it home and I probably wouldn't
be as disappointed I probably would like
it more than I did because I traveled
like an hour to see it and I just
thought it was an okay movie and I
enjoyed parts of it
I enjoyed Will Ferrell in it and I was
interested in the story but um it wasn't
great or anything um so yeah I can I can
understand our summary disappoint now
here's the big here's the big one buddy
the one that you and I disagree with I
know exactly what you're talking about
bring it the film is called carnage yeah
not you and I very much so disagreement
yeah this is probably the only movie
this year that we like completely
disagreed on yes now I want to know why
why you didn't why he didn't get into it
now
I know there's a lot of people like me
who didn't really care for it and it's
like I love the performances in it like
I thought it was casted fine like
Christopher Christoph Waltz was great in
it he was definitely a favorite
character it's just it it just it just
didn't entertain me that much like I
just felt like these characters were so
beyond obnoxious and so they just made
me so angry that by the end I just
wanted to get out of there and it was
less than an hour and a half of a movie
and usually Roman Polanski like usually
he has a visual flair heard in his
direction I just it felt very basic you
know he just go from room to room and
there's like one apartment I just kind
of felt planned to me yeah I think that
movie isn't really a director showcase
since it's all in one location mostly
yeah it's more of a script thing and it
really worked I love when a movie can
take place in one location and be
entertaining have you ever seen yes I've
seen 12 Angry Men yes I love that movie
too - yeah that's a great great one
great run room movie um yeah we're like
phone booth there's another good one
yeah that's one location pretty much the
only chill schumacher movie I like but
um yeah same here with carnage I just I
thought it was really funny I don't know
I just I thought John Steve Riley was
funny in it III was really glad to see
Christoph Waltz to give a good
performance cuz not that he hasn't been
good it's just that he just been in a
lot of crap Maurice Hornet three
musketeers what are you doing man your
your Oscar winner in glory I think it's
his best performance since inglorious
and yeah it definitely was I omit that I
just
you a lot for some reason it really got
got under me I don't know it's the one
movie that I don't get it man I don't
get it yeah well we just have to agree
to disagree that's curious to see what
movie we disagree on into 2012 I'm sure
there's gonna be a couple did you um I
forget did you did you like warrior yeah
I love to worry okay yeah warriors
another one I want to talk about cuz I
just got the blu-ray for that and I was
watching it looks really good on blu-ray
but of course I'm not really a blu-ray
dude yet so I don't really I'm not the
best judge of what actually looks great
or not but um to me it looked fantastic
but I really like that movie for a
particular reason
I was rewatching it now I was just I was
noticing how much the film was really
taking its time setting up the two
brothers yeah I enjoyed that a lot it
mean with a lot of movies like this I
feel like another director the guys name
is Gavin O'Connor and he directed
miracle with Kurt Russell mm-hmm I love
that movie too I feel like um I feel
like a lot of directors might be a
little more anxious to want to include
maybe more fighting or a little bit more
MMA action in there oh yeah plenty of
them and they did I mean in the first
half as I'm talking about because he
took his time to set up those two
brothers so much so that near the end of
the film you really were invested in
their story and you really felt for both
of them a lot and so without spoiling
anything the the finale was much more of
a you know a weight on my heart and it
really really got to me I cried that I I
legitimately cried I I was something
like my eyes sort of maybe watered I had
tears it was it was legitimate man tears
from water yeah it got to me at the end
but I don't think I've ever cried
watching movie never happened really
never know I look there's movies that
way they get me calm emotional but I
never ever cried during me just I don't
know nobody has really pushed me over
the edge that much you're a big man huh
so that's fine no I I've cried a few
thumbs this year I think I did it 50/50
I have no problem being this
50p you're showing your manliness yeah
not afraid to admit this 50/50 in
warrior I think we're the two that got
me um I think warrior is a great movie
it's one of my favorites of the year how
do you feel about super 8
I still love super 8 I mean I got it on
blu-ray some yet I haven't seen it since
I saw him in theaters so but I still
love that movie to that me too I saw it
a second time and I yeah it was great I
loved it some people a few of the other
youtubers thought it was alright but I
love the movie I thought I meant it
reminded me of like when I was in just a
wee chat exactly yeah I mean I know I'm
a few years older but I think for the
most part we had similar upbringings in
regards to movies we watched influenced
us because super 8 I don't know I was
just watching that movie I was like ah
man if I had the money this is one of
the movies I'd want to make I would just
I would love to make a movie about like
this I love movies where it shows you
know like a group of kids who are all
friends and then actually they actually
seem like their friends and the kids
didn't annoy me and that's that's a huge
thing for me that's that's that's a huge
company because I know you like a little
child actors the child actors when when
they're bad man they're bad and yeah
they really get under my skin sometimes
but the kids in super 8 I thought were
excellent I had totally agree about that
they made that movie worthwhile they
can't say that movie perfect meeting
yeah I think some of the better child
performances of this year or We Bought a
Zoo I think the two kids and that were
really good obviously super 8 and I
thought that the little did you see the
descendents no okay little girl in the
descendents is fantastic and the kids
and win-win also I really liked but oh
yeah yeah that those those are usually
children actors not my thing not my
thing
yeah all right here's a question alright
so we talked about our biggest
disappointments now what was your
biggest surprise like pleasant surprise
into that it's interesting I've actually
thought about this a lot because right I
think that 2011 had so many big
surprises I
a lot of movies there was some films
that I honestly truly expected to hate
films like bridesmaids and I thought
Real Steel was gonna suck right s55 is
honestly my biggest surprise of the year
I think yep because I've never been a
huge fan of the series I've thought that
the previous films were all right and
that's really all I and I loved Fast
Five
right my top 20 I love that movie like I
like I'm the only probably I like the
first movie that's it like I hate the
second movie Tokyo Drift didn't like it
and then the one right after that was
the most boring one yet so it was really
not looking forward to this one and they
managed to make it one of the most
entertaining movies of the year I was so
impressed no I think it worked out so
well as they broke from the formula yeah
it wasn't all about like a giant street
race anymore it was like they actually
it was like a heist movie with racing in
it an action and the rock was in it and
it was just it was just a great
adrenalin movie and III literally when I
thought it was so funny because I got it
was so great too because I got to see it
at a screening and so there were no
reviews for it out yet and so I had zero
expectations other than the fact that
I'm not a huge fan of the previous four
so that movie sitting there watching
that movie is one of the most fun
experiences of the year because it just
it honestly blew me away I could not
believe how much fun I have at that
movie and a ton of other YouTube critics
will say the same exact thing no one
expected to be good and we all had a
good time with it yeah that's probably
our biggest surprise in the movie that
I'm in of the year that bridesmaids
believe not the help really surprised me
yeah right I really didn't expect to
like that movie at all and it won me
over that was a damn good movie yeah
that really surprised I didn't think
about rise of the Apes man I that was a
definitely big one
ya know no one expected that to be the
good I mean I think people were
interested in with Andy Serkis involved
but seriously rise of the Apes as it was
was a big one for me
I'm looking at my list here also Puss in
Boots I didn't expect to like yeah that
one to that yeah cuz I didn't like Shrek
three or four yeah so I was expecting to
hate it but it actually ended up being
very funny I agree
Arthur Christmas really surprised that
was a really funny movie that that
surprised me at how much I enjoyed it
some people to zoo didn't expect to love
that movie shame okay here's one
now some people hate this movie okay and
I honestly can't remember if you liked
it or not but some people really hate
the change-up
oh no me and you were the only ones who
think it's really funny okay
I thought that movie was hilarious yeah
like I saw that with my dad and we're
like okay this much all we're gonna suck
everyone's saying it's terrible and we
laughed our asses off during that movie
we thought it was like hilarious I don't
know what was up critic butts yeah that
movie and I don't know I had a good time
I did - I did - and I also did you see
The Lincoln Lawyer with Matthew muck
yeah that was really good - mmhmm yeah
this is I referred this year and I will
always refer this year as 2011 the year
of surprises
definitely definitely it really really
surprised me this is just crazy this
year man I a lot of lying really good
stuff good stuff um okay here's
something I want to ask you about
because I know you and I are Tom Cruise
fans yes I know you and I appreciate the
Mission Impossible series more than
anyone so how do you feel about Mission
Impossible Ghost Protocol um it was
everything I could possibly want out of
a Mission Impossible movie and I got to
see it in IMAX like you with
breathtaking and then I saw it again
in just regular format it was still
amazing everybody so did I yeah because
I just wanted to see like if I got like
the same effect and even without the
IMAX format the movie is still
breathtaking we're just putting the way
it shot it's it's honestly one of the
best action movies I've seen in a long
time it just it has everything you'd
want in an action movie it's got amazing
set pieces
it doesn't change up the formula it's
back to like the teen dynamic there's
some great lines I mean it's it's just
perfect it's like the perfect action it
really is
it's by far than my favorite act
the year mm-hmm you saw it at Lincoln
Center right yeah okay so I saw it in
Lincoln Center also when I was on
vacation in New York so we saw the same
theater did you need to sit in the back
no even I got there like an hour early
and I still had to sit in like the
middle to sort of front but it didn't
really make a difference I still felt
like I was gonna fall off that building
nice night okay i sat in the back row
yeah probably the best row it is it was
great um but no I I the the first see I
was looking forward to that movie
because you know I got some people who
will comment and Sam gave for Tom Cruise
but you know what I am I don't care I
love Tom Cruise I will see anything that
guy is in possible for was one of those
movies where I honestly feel like if
they didn't have a really good
production team a really good script and
a great director that it couldn't easily
I mean it's the fourth movie in a
franchise it sits around any any
franchise that has steam starts to fail
by the second or third film you know the
fourth film could easily be just awful
but no they they really really put a lot
of effort into these movies to make them
legitimately good and even though it has
had some missteps em eye to eye I think
as a fun film but it really definitely
was not as good as the others this movie
really just just was like hey look why
don't you guys shut up Mission
Impossible is awesome and that's my best
my best criticism of that movie or my
best support of that movie is to say
that honestly for a lot of people not me
that movie was a big surprise wait which
movie am i for oh I never I think was a
surprise I offer you or me but for some
people oh yeah for a lot of people yeah
it was a big surprise you're the ones
who had faith yeah for me I always
thought it was gonna be great but for
for like the schmoes and ang and jeremy
they they loved it and actually had it
in their best of the year list and they
they Jeremy said the only reason he
really felt like seeing it was because
of the Dark Knight Rises prologue and he
wanted to see it he wanted to see mi4
but he said he was like the real reason
I went was for the Dark Knight Rises and
what do you know I got a great movie and
it was just one of those movie
that just I think it really tapped into
this I don't know I just this great
electric I can't even explain it it's
just it's one of those movies where you
just come out of it you just feel so
like alive like you just kind of want to
do like parkour around your house or
something like that ya know it's really
really tapped into this this sense of
realism and all all the stunts in it
were very very real and actually
performing I love practical action
sequences there's the best the whole
building sequence you know that was
incredible that's that's what that's one
of the things I like about him isn't he
does his own stunts
and you because it increases the the
viewers like egde of a film might my
vocabulary is awful yeah I just noticed
that I cab you Larry is is crap but um
it increases increases the the sense of
that you're actually watching something
that is real you know you because the
audiences are getting smarter and film
is getting more high-def and you can
look and say yeah that's totally not the
actor there but when you got there you
know Tom Cruise running on the top of
his building of the world it's something
about it just like yeah that's like
adrenaline infused those things so good
I took my mom to see it because she
likes Mission Impossible a lot too and I
that's when I went a second time to see
it yeah I saw what my dad he loves
Mission Possible that's awesome um but
at the end of the building seen my mom
went hmm
oh no like she no she was she was like
so like a kind of breath yeah oh I
thought you minute I go alright no no no
no she loved it she she loved the film
she loved it though my dad was like
geeking out you know when he uh he
throws that little wait out the window
and he starts just running down the
building yes my dad was like holy shit
like he what he said it was so great now
my mom let out this huge just breath of
like relief when when he crawled back in
the window yeah but I'm pretty sure Tom
Cruise in this movie I just it was
something I thought was hilarious that
he apparently has a face of Steel every
room he hits his head cows poop and not
once does he bleed smacks his head on
the top of the building then he hit his
head on like one of the cars and
yeah buddy got such countless times well
to be honest any anybody would probably
die from some of the stuff that happens
in that movie yeah it's just the Mission
Impossible it's just one of those things
like yeah it's a movie oh look it's the
style that the whole Mission Impossible
it the Mission Impossible are very
similar to Indiana Jones in one
particular way Indiana Jones is a hero
consistently getting involved in
extremely dire situations of near death
over and over and over and over and
that's what Mission Impossible is
especially I think the third one
actually is the biggest one for that
literally almost every other scene Ethan
Hunt almost dies and yeah my three and
that's that's that's what it is Mission
Impossible I think kind of at their root
are like the old action serials like
Indiana Jones was where it has a hero
consistently in this huge dire event how
in the world is he gonna you know topple
this event and that's kind of that's
what that I love movies like that I love
those are my favorite types of movies
and I know that people gonna be like why
is Mission Impossible 4 above you know
Girl with the Dragon Tattoo on your list
I'm like dude you know what I'm sorry
but I love Dragon Tattoo but I guarantee
10 years from now I will settle I
questioned before yeah yeah same thing
it's like I guarantee you and like maybe
a year or two if I'm gonna go into my
DVD show over my blu-ray shelf and I'm
gonna pick out between girl with Dragon
Tattoo or Mission Impossible no doubt
picking Mission Impossible yeah yeah I
mean and that's a batch Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo because I actually really
loved that movie
yeah same um I think it's great it's not
my favorite Fincher film yeah neither um
I think I actually when people ask me
that what's your favorite French to film
I have a really hard time deciding
between zodiac Fight Club and seven
mm-hmm those three are like
interchangeable for me I don't know why
lancers Fight Club I can watch that
account it's times yeah Fight Club is a
great film and I just have this problem
with I that's one of the things that
people always ask me like what's your
favorite film can you make this list the
only list I do is the best and worst of
the year yeah yeah I've been doing
versus the year I don't like focusing on
crappy movies the only reason I do it is
because it's kind of fun for me I don't
know
I have had this streak in me that really
likes to rant about badness yeah I saw
you having a good time and your worst of
it yeah I did I really did I really did
seeing the films not fun talking about
them that's a lot of yeah so some let's
briefly let's briefly I know you're not
a family let's briefly talk about films
this year that you just just couldn't
get okay all right um almost the time I
just see movies that I think are gonna
look good or I mean that look good and
that I think I'll enjoy which is a lot
of time I avoid movies like Jack and
Jill and what was it Bucky Larson I
completely avoid those movies yes I
actually did not see Bucky Larson thank
the Lord sorry but I didn't see it yeah
and I guarantee we've spared ourselves
yeah um let's see I know you still liked
it but I just hated this movie Green
Lantern I was very disappointed with
Green Lantern because I know like mean
you like when we first saw the first
trailer we're like oh no but then when
they came out with that second trailer
me and you were like okay this actually
looks really good and then we started
getting really pumped for it and then we
saw it and then we both felt that same
disappointment dude the first trailer
was more accurate to have the film
actually Wallace I know like they really
like tricked us with those second and
third trailers like they made it seem
like was gonna be this dark serious and
you know action-packed epic and ended up
being this goofy superhero movie that
just oh god yeah okay you know how you
kind of changed your mind with battle LA
mm-hmm it's kind of like North Korean
Lantern and what way I started liking it
a lot less okay yeah the first time I
saw it I just thought it was all right
uh-huh
I thought it was an alright film and it
didn't like I didn't hate watching it
but as I think more about it I literally
could care less if I ever saw that movie
again and right just so I feel like that
movie was probably the biggest waste of
talent of the year and like it was
because it was directed by Martin
Campbell that was like the main reason
why I was really looking forward to it
cuz he did Casino Royale which is an
amazing action movie you had Talan
there you had ride-rite old you had
Peter what the hell's his name dieter
Sarsgaard Peter stars got a good cast
you had an amazing director and you
ended up with a crap movie like I have a
feeling that it seemed like there was a
lot of studio involvement with that
movie yeah I feel like I felt like they
were trying to like cut him off like I
feel like Martin Campbell he had such a
bigger scope for the movie but the
studio was on cutting him down saying
all you got to make this shorter you got
a you know put this in there and that
and there is like a fine if you give me
enough money like that's kind of how art
more humor more more jokes
well that humor was hard it was um and
another problem with Green Lantern is a
lot of fans have told me and I know a
fans of the comics of Green Lantern this
one I think have told me that it's an
extremely detailed backstory and very
difficult to sum up in a movie mm-hmm
and so that probably also came with it
it's probably really difficult source
material to adapt into a understandable
movie that's why I think the opening
scene that's like 10 minutes long of
just a narrator talking about parallax
and stuff I was watching that thinking
boy this better get better I don't know
it just Green Lantern was disappointing
it was yeah what else did I hate this
year I hated the roommate that was he's
a garbage definitely I actually forgot
that came out this year right
I damn forgot until someone put it on
their list I was like why I looked at
all remember this Suns Jim sanctums okay
sanctum there's a good one um that would
be probably my number 11 on my list
god that was so hard to get through you
have no idea how much energy took to
keep myself in that seat you have no
idea really you wanted to leave I wanted
to leave so bad in that movie so bad the
only like milk having me the only thing
that kept me was I thought the
underwater scenes were well photographed
other than that I pretty much hated that
movie yeah it was bad it was a bad one
um my my catch phrase for that review is
that the movies synced and the movies
synced and it's no
yeah I remember I think them so yeah
that was a bad one and every single time
someone talks about that movie
it was funny of my buddy
Karloff Kristian harloff was saying that
now James Cameron can't be a hundred
percent trusted anymore because up until
now he's put he'll name everything he
puts out anymore nothing up up until up
until that movie anything that had his
name on it was more than likely quality
but now he was now with that one not so
much
Oh also and this was kind of looking
forward to the mechanic yeah oh and like
I'm like one of those people who I could
enjoy a Jason Statham movie because the
guy's a great action star and he's great
you know physically in the role and I
was like okay this is gonna be a fun
action movie and it ended up being this
really mean-spirited really over violent
waste of time that's really it really
was and for me to say that something was
mean-spirited and over violent is is
saying something because usually
violence and her action doesn't really
bother me that much but with that movie
it just seems so not necessary
yeah yes that's one of the movies I'd
prefer to forget
did you see Twilight yeah I ever viewed
it that I just forgot sorry yeah I hated
that yeah that's not really a surprise
yeah people will be all expected to hit
him it was just worse than kind of
expected from me it really was honestly
because I unlike you I've always just
been kind of indifferent oh yeah yeah
you you're the one who like you know
that these movies are dumb but like
somehow you don't like hate them to
their core and then when I saw you flip
out I was like okay this movie must be
really bad it really was awful it truly
was awful I really really disliked the
new one it was like because a lot of
critics were saying that the series
actually showed some promise with the
clips like it actually was slightly
better but but this one was just like
yeah let's play chess for an hour I
can't even
just oh let's have that let's have the
baby beget birth after being eaten out
of the uterus let's have Jacob take a
fall in love with that baby mean we're
even Twilight fans are thinking about
that and thinking you know like what am
I reading cuz I I even know if he
Twilight fans who didn't really
understand that part in the book and
didn't get it and thought it was too
much and for me I think the Twilight
fans it's funny and someone was talking
to me earlier and saying that I Phantom
Menace movies and you okay what it is is
what a lot of Star Wars fans saw Phantom
Menace for the first time they didn't
want to acknowledge that it wasn't that
great and I think a lot of fans I think
a lot of Twilight fans did that with
Breaking Dawn I feel like they're like
okay come on you got to know that this
is just way over the top
vampire babies and falling in love with
the baby but they're so in love with it
that they can't acknowledge it I don't
know it's just it's me I kind of see
what you're saying Twilight is that
movie that that movie crossed the line
just one more Chris just want one more
and then we're done all right now we'll
wrap this one up with talking about what
movies were really looking forward to in
2012 which I think there's a lot of
movies that I'm really looking forward
to and even in the early months I'm
actually looks forward to a lot of
movies um
in January there's a couple movies that
I really want to see I want to see
haywire which looks excellent
I love Steven Soderbergh and I I'm
hearing good things about it um then
there's the grey with Liam Neeson which
I think could be a really fun action
movie those are my two ones I'm thinking
about in January mm-hmm there was one
more oh and I'm actually sort of looking
forward to I don't know if you are I
don't know the trailer kind of just
looked interesting man on a Ledge
yeah I got a screening for that on the
5th of January I I haven't I've stayed
away from the trailer so I haven't
actually seen the trailer I might have
started this thing now where I don't
watch trailers anymore unless it's like
for the Dark Knight or something
okay I try to I try to do that because
trailers have gotten so spoiler if ik
that I've tried to stay away from him
but I don't know it could be good you
know I have no idea okay I'm not going
to the pond next year yeah what do you
guys say obvious obvious pics Avengers
Dark Knight Rises Hobbit yeah you don't
even need you to talk about how much I'm
looking forward to those yeah The Hobbit
these movies are huge Prometheus yeah
Prometheus there there are certain
movies next year coming that I'm just
you know great looking forward to it
those are those are some of the big ones
I know that people will come and say you
forgot those you forgot but I'm sorry
yeah I I can't remember everything one
thing I want to mention is that the you
reviewers award is coming up soon indeed
with so let's put this in then and in
just in case you have been living on a
rock on Tatooine with obi-wan Kenobi
living on rocks yes yes the alright your
reviewers Awards is where some of the
the your viewer community is the the
movie critics on YouTube who make who
make more videos make videos make
reviews and you know a lot of people
have acknowledged that that we should
have a voice of some kind and a way to
reach the general public
more so than hey you know whoever
happens to click on our video a lot of
people feel that that we should be shown
more respect and so because of that
we've kind of created our own awards
show and it's gonna be coming up soon
and as you know the nominations will be
released soon the nominations are gonna
be released on three channels in
particular I'm not sure entirely of
every bit of detail but from what I've
heard the schmoes and mr. John's and
myself will be letting you know the
nominations are whenever their official
we yeah it's gonna be fun
but um it's coming up soon in January
it's gonna be a the big awards show and
we're gonna have a giant show where
people like Grace Randolph and Jeremy
Jones and mr. Chadha bash here and Miss
Rose and Katherine right men from
breaking it down mm-hmm myself as well
will and I'll have all the people to
freakin film critic the flick pick a lot
of people are gonna be included in this
- excuse me so we can we can kind of
bring this fun show kind of like the
YouTube Oscars really and look forward
to that it's coming on it's gonna be a
lot of fun just like you said it's it's
it's gonna be it's really cool because
it's I just think it's so great that
we're starting to get just more legit
really and eventually if this happens
every year this is what I want to see I
want to see a movie on a DVD shelf that
says winner of the you reviewer award is
the best whatever I want to see that on
a DVD or blu-ray somewhere and yes that
would see the dream so guys look forward
to that soon that's coming up in January
it's gonna be awesome
mm-hmm thanks for uh for coming up with
this idea buddy
no problem wait no I didn't come up with
his idea no no that you reviewers the
the podcast oh right okay
mm-hmm I enjoyed it and I loved it and
I'm gonna save it I'm gonna I'm gonna
listen to it I'm gonna imagine why I'm
gonna dream about it I'm kind of gonna
aim about it I'm gonna I'm gonna touch
it I'm gonna touch it I'm gonna make a
love to it that is getting there that's
that that comes next but thanks very
much that her yes it was a pleasure
having you on this podcast we definitely
should try to maybe in 2012 have like a
biweekly podcast of some sort with other
YouTube celebrities I guess it would be
fun it'd be fun I'd like to start doing
more podcasts um I'm actually gonna be
guesting guesting gatherings guest
starring on a podcast soon with a very
talented woman her name
is beyond me an pardons pardon me and
her channel is hit or miss movies and
I'm gonna be on her podcast and she's
gonna be interviewing me so look forward
to that and yeah that's it for me yeah
and if you want to know where to find us
in case you don't know us which would be
kind of weird I'm on this channel
obviously and if you want to find Chris
youtube.com so nice Chris Stockman
subscribe to get as you always say stuff
menage yeah that's true and in case
you're watching on my channel check over
mr. savage check oh yeah you go over his
channel you don't really have to
describe it's not one thing from this
podcast Chris just can't speak it's true
man it's true
it's my vocabulary is awful Chris with
that editing that's true
hey I'm actually a very I'm very
literate is that a word
wait what do you say I'm I'm good did
you say like you're literate I've never
heard of that I'm literate
I I'm pretty sure it's not but for you
I'll make it I know
illiterate is yeah there's a literate
and illiterate okay I tried people I
tried you should go check out Tom's
channel you guys know who he is
thank you just were we're just gonna be
like yeah just go fucking subscribe
basically basically it's that's how it
goes
thank you listening if you got anything
out of this podcast besides the fact
that I stutter sometimes and can't speak
well I appreciate that and about you
I'll talk to you later buddy
I'd say that